= EE4J PMC Meeting #14

== General

Date: 2018-05-22

Present:

* Dmitry
* Kevin
* Mark
* Wayne
* Ivar

== Action Items

Discussed and updated the GitHub Issues, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues.

== Project Proposals

All proposals are done. Currently in different state of creation.

See https://www.eclipse.org/ee4j/status.php for details.

== Jakarta EE Technical Vision

Discussion regarding the approach agreed upon at the last meeting (https://www.eclipse.org/ee4j/minutes/?date=2018-05-08)
was a little bit too ambitious.
Dmitry pointed out that it is probably a little more than the Steering Committee actually asked for.
Decided to create a document similar to the original marketing vision document presented by the Jakarta EE working group at the Jakarta EE launch.
This document should be created as a strawman proposal and be used for gathering input from the community:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/12vO9Ztcxyd6oxDnKFi73p7JsYaPgifpepggFxzW_uyE/edit?usp=sharing

Next meeting: Incorporate comments from community and finalize vision document.

== PMC Lead

Revisited decision from 2018-02-13, https://www.eclipse.org/ee4j/minutes/?date=2018-02-13#pmc-lead-swap,
where we decided to keep it as it is for now and continue with Ivar as PMC Lead.
When someone wants to take over, we will take it from there.

As long as everyone is happy, we will keep status quo.
The item will be revisited approximately every six months or so to keep track unless another PMC member wants to take over as PMC Lead,
or Ivar wants to step down.

== Next Meeting

Tuesday Jun 05 at 17:00 CET. +
Several PMC members will be present at EclipseCon France (June 13-14).
Those present will meet there informally.
