= EE4J PMC Meeting #5

== General

Date: 2018-01-23

Present:

* Kevin
* Steve
* David
* Dmitry
* Ivar

== Brand Name

Input from Wayne is that it looks like three of the names on our list are viable
as brand names. We have a little more work to do, however, so we're not quite
there yet. He is hopeful that we can have it all wrapped up this week and we can
start the next steps.

== General Discussion Regarding PMC role

Discussion regarding the role of the pmc and what agenda items we are actually
supposed to deal with. This will hopefully be made clearer when the working group
and processes around that has been defined. We should set up a fixed set of agenda i
tems and figure out what meeting frequency that makes the most sense.
Weekly meetings seems to be a little overkill.

== Statement to Community regarding changes in projects

Dmitry went through the proposed document with the statement from the PMC to the
community regarding how to handle contributions and new development until the legal
agreements between Oracle and Eclipse have been signed. The document will be
polished and reviewed by the other PMC members before made public to the community.

== Next Meeting

Next PMC meeting will be February 6th? (two weeks from today)
