= EE4J PMC Meeting #2019-08

== General

Date: 2019-04-23

Present:

* Dmitry
* Kenji
* Kevin
* Steve
* Wayne
* Tanja
* David
* Ivar

== Action Items

Reviewed, discussed and updated the GitHub Issues, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues.

== Jakarta EE 8

=== Scope Statements

Scope statements for the API projects must be produced in order to be able to convert them into Specification Projects.

.Tracking
https://github.com/orgs/eclipse-ee4j/projects/10 

.Actions
* [x] Create a couple of examples and refer to them on the eclipse wiki (Ivar and Wayne)
* [x] Create an issue for each project with tasks for creating scope statements (Ivar)
* [x] Set up a board to follow the status of scope statements on GitHub (Ivar)
* [ ] Reach out to projects to create their scope statements  (PMC)
* [ ] Get approval from the Spec Committee for the scope statements
* [ ] Verify that the list is complete (Ivar)
* [ ] Create a couple of examples and refer to them on the eclipse wiki (Ivar and Wayne)
* [ ] Create an issue for each project with tasks for creating scope statements (Ivar)

Progress on names and scope statements.
PMC will follow up. 
Request steering committee to explain why names must change.

.Discussion
Scope statements for spec or project.
What we need is scope for the specifications.
Scope for project is doc, api and tck. The tck does not need to be a part of the project, but is in the scope of the project.

=== Specification Names
Specifications (and the specification projects) must be renamed in order to be converted into Specification Projects.

.Tracking
https://github.com/orgs/eclipse-ee4j/projects/11 

.Actions 
* [x] Set up board to follow the status of renaming (Ivar)
* [x] Create issues for each project/specification on GitHub (Ivar)
* [ ] Communicate why this is necessary
* [x] Naming standard communicated to Specification Committee with one +1
* [ ] Publish an official naming standard on the ee4j news web page (Ivar)
* [ ] Get approval from the Spec Committee for the names

Announce that the discussion has been open for a month and this is the proposals.

Push through the creation of a couple of spec projects once we have five/six ready to verify the process.

Discussed CDI.

== Samples Project Proposal

.Current samples projects
* Older versions of javaee samples: https://github.com/javaee-samples (MIT + fuzzy stuff)
* GlassFish samples: https://github.com/javaee/glassfish-samples (CDDL-1.1 -> EDL)
* Java EE 7 samples: https://github.com/javaee/javaee7-samples (CDDL-1.1 -> EDL)
* Cargotracker https://github.com/javaee/cargotracker (CDDL-1.1 -> EDL)

The new samples project (Jakarta EE Examples) proposal is based on:
https://github.com/manorrock/jakartaee-examples (BSD-0)
Wayne will follow up on the licensing options and post status on the email thread on the pmc-mailing list

== Jakarta EE 9 Namespaces

Discussed how to bring the message to the community.

== Frequency of PMC meetings

Agreed on keeping the current schedule.

== Next Meeting

Tuesday, May 7 at 17:00 CEST (11:00 EDT)

